[Docs] Community Edition Installation Docs (#2450)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/install/kubernetes.md

- Helm 3.6 CLI is installed. Refer to the [Helm installation instructions](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) for more information.
- An accessible docker-registry (such as [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com)). The registry's URL and credentials are consumed by the applications via a pre-created secret.
- Storage: 7Gi
- RAM: A minimum of 8Gi is required for running all the initial MLRun components. The amount of RAM required for running MLRun jobs depends on the job's requirements.

``` {admonition} Note
The MLRun Community Edition resources are configured initially with the default cluster/namespace resources limits. You can modify the resources from outside if needed.
```

> ## Community Edition Flavors

Reviewer: ## Community Edition flavors

- Storage: 7Gi

``` {admonition} Note

> The MLRun CE resources (mlrun-api, mlrun-ui, mlrun-db, minio, mpi-operator, nuclio, jupyter) are configured initially with the default cluster/namespace resources limits. You can modify the resources from outside if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MLRun Community Edition resources (mlrun-api, mlrun-ui, mlrun-db, minio, mpi-operator, nuclio, jupyter) are configured initially with the default cluster/namespace resources limits. You can modify the resources from outside if needed.
```

<a id="installing-the-chart"></a>
## Installing the chart

### Chart Details

> 
> The MLRun CE chart includes the following stack:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The MLRun CE (Community Edition) chart includes the following stack:

```

* Nuclio - https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio
* MLRun - https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun
* Jupyter - https://github.com/jupyter/notebook (+MLRun integrated)
* MPI Operator - https://github.com/kubeflow/mpi-operator

> * Minio - https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/master/helm/minio

Reviewer 2: I would mention that the basic stack is called lite, If we will mention it in other places I think we should address its name here as well.

your internet speed).
```

To install the chart with the release name `mlrun-ce` use the following command.
Note the reference to the pre-created `registry-credentials` secret in `global.registry.secretName`:

```bash
helm --namespace mlrun \
    install mlrun-ce \
    --wait \
    --timeout 960s \
    --set global.registry.url=<registry-url> \
    --set global.registry.secretName=registry-credentials \
    --set global.externalHostAddress=<host-machine-address> \
    mlrun-ce/mlrun-ce
```

Where:
 - `<registry-url>` is the registry URL which can be authenticated by the `registry-credentials` secret (e.g., `index.docker.io/<your-username>` for Docker Hub).
 - `<host-machine-address>` is the IP address of the host machine (or `$(minikube ip)` if using minikube).

> Once the installation is complete, the helm command will print the URLs and Ports of all the MLRun CE services.

Reviewer: Once the installation is complete, the helm command prints the URLs and Ports of all the MLRun CE services.

## Installing Full Version

To install the full version of the chart, use the following command:

```bash
helm --namespace mlrun \
    install mlrun-ce \
    --wait \
    --timeout 960s \
    -f override-full.yaml \
    --set global.registry.url=<registry-url> \
    --set global.registry.secretName=registry-credentials \
    --set global.externalHostAddress=<host-machine-address> \
    mlrun-ce/mlrun-ce
```

## Usage

Your applications are now available in your local browser:
- jupyter-notebook - http://<host-machine-address>:30040
- nuclio - http://<host-machine-address>:30050
- mlrun UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30060
- mlrun API (external) - http://<host-machine-address>:30070
- minio API - http://<host-machine-address>:30080
- minio UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30090
- pipeline UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30100
- grafana UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30110

```{admonition} Check state
You can check current state of installation via command `kubectl -n mlrun get pods`, where the main information
is in columns `Ready` and `State`. If all images have already been pulled locally, typically it will take 
a minute for all services to start.
```

> > **Note:**

Reviewer: ```{admonition} Note

> - You can change the ports by providing values to the helm install command.
> - You can add and configure a k8s ingress-controller for better security and control over external access.

> 

Reviewer: ```

your internet speed).
```

To install the chart with the release name `mlrun-ce` use the following command.
Note the reference to the pre-created `registry-credentials` secret in `global.registry.secretName`:

```bash
helm --namespace mlrun \
    install mlrun-ce \
    --wait \
    --timeout 960s \
    --set global.registry.url=<registry-url> \
    --set global.registry.secretName=registry-credentials \
    --set global.externalHostAddress=<host-machine-address> \
    mlrun-ce/mlrun-ce
```

Where:

>  - `<registry-url>` is the registry URL which can be authenticated by the `registry-credentials` secret (e.g., `index.docker.io/<your-username>` for Docker Hub).

Reviewer: - `<registry-url>` is the registry URL that can be authenticated by the `registry-credentials` secret (e.g., `index.docker.io/<your-username>` for Docker Hub).

 - `<host-machine-address>` is the IP address of the host machine (or `$(minikube ip)` if using minikube).

> Once the installation is complete, the helm command prints the URLs and Ports of all the MLRun CE services.

Reviewer: When the installation is complete, the helm command prints the URLs and Ports of all the MLRun CE services.

## Installing the Full Version

To install the full version of the chart, use the following command:

```bash
helm --namespace mlrun \
    install mlrun-ce \
    --wait \
    --timeout 960s \
    -f override-full.yaml \
    --set global.registry.url=<registry-url> \
    --set global.registry.secretName=registry-credentials \
    --set global.externalHostAddress=<host-machine-address> \
    mlrun-ce/mlrun-ce
```

> ## Configuring Online Feature Store

Reviewer: ## Configuring the online feature store
The MLRun Community Edition now supportsthe  online feature store. To enable it, you need to first deploy a REDIS service that is accessible to your MLRun CE cluster.
To deploy a REDIS service, refer to the following [link](https://redis.io/docs/getting-started/).

When you have a REDIS service deployed, you can configure MLRun CE to use it by adding the following helm value configuration to your helm install command:

```bash
--set mlrun.api.extraEnvKeyValue.MLRUN_REDIS__URL=<redis-address>
```

## Usage

Your applications are now available in your local browser:
- jupyter-notebook - http://<host-machine-address>:30040
- nuclio - http://<host-machine-address>:30050
- mlrun UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30060
- mlrun API (external) - http://<host-machine-address>:30070
- minio API - http://<host-machine-address>:30080
- minio UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30090
- pipeline UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30100
- grafana UI - http://<host-machine-address>:30110

```{admonition} Check state
You can check current state of installation via command `kubectl -n mlrun get pods`, where the main information
is in columns `Ready` and `State`. If all images have already been pulled locally, typically it will take 
a minute for all services to start.
```

> **Note:**
> - You can change the ports by providing values to the helm install command.
> - You can add and configure a k8s ingress-controller for better security and control over external access.

## Start Working

> Open Jupyter Notebook on [**jupyter-notebook UI**](http://localhost:30040) and run the code in 

Reviewer: Open the Jupyter notebook on [**jupyter-notebook UI**](http://localhost:30040) and run the code in the 
[**examples/mlrun_basics.ipynb**](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/blob/master/examples/mlrun_basics.ipynb) notebook.

Configurable values are documented in the `values.yaml`, and the `values.yaml` of all sub charts. Override those [in the normal methods](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/values_files/).

## Uninstalling the Chart
```bash
helm --namespace mlrun uninstall mlrun-ce
```

#### Note on terminating pods and hanging resources

> It is important to note that this chart generates several persistent volume claims in order to provide the user 

Reviewer: This chart generates several persistent volume claims that provide persistency (via PVC) out of the box.
